you know I'm concerned about this show
that in Venice Opera Company have asked
me to direct what day and night yeah I
mean Santa cafe bar and people just kind
of spontaneously burst into song but
doesn't happen in real life does it good
morning good morning we've danced the
whole night through good morning good
morning to you will you buy any milk
today mistress any milk two day mistress
who will buy my sweet red roses two
blooms for up any who will buy my sweet
red roses two blooms for up any so not
don't you're holding either I know I'm
just gonna get my passport photo taken
hold it flash bang what if it's a quick
quite a future one photograph not also a
joke stamp your feet by a patient call
it jack what a picture again mommy album
I'll just leave it to another day
you know I've been quite happy about
this sure no in fact I'm feeling quite
good about it and I'm feeling you